readme.md, before:

#  MINDIFY

One of the main inhibitors of individual performance is stress. While acute stress can be beneficial to task completion, chronic stress is hazardous to one's health. Long term stress can develop physical conditions such as heart disease and high blood pressure, and even mental disorders such as anxiety and depression (1).

I created an app designed to combat stress at the workplace. For each environment, there is a list of relaxation and stress exercises.



## ERD
<img src="/wireframes/ERD.png" alt="ERD for Project Three"/>

## Wireframes
### Component Layout
<img src="/wireframes/DefaultComponents.png" alt="Default Component Layout"/>
<img src="/wireframes/NavBar.png" alt="Navigation Bar"/>
<img src="/wireframes/Home.png" alt="Home Page"/>

### Environment Components
<img src="/wireframes/Environments.png" alt="Index of Environments"/>
<img src="/wireframes/SingleEnvironment.png" alt="Individual Environment Page"/>

### Focus Exercise Components
<img src="/wireframes/Focuses.png" alt="Index of Focus Exercises"/>
<img src="/wireframes/SingleFocus.png" alt="Individual Focus Exercise"/>

### Relaxation Exercise Components
<img src="/wireframes/Relaxes.png" alt="Index of Focus Exercises"/>
<img src="/wireframes/SingleRelax.png" alt="Individual Relax Exercise"/>

### About
<img src="/wireframes/About.png" alt="About Me Page"/>

<a href="https://mekaala-mindify-app.herokuapp.com">MINDIFY HEROKU APP</a>
<a href="https://trello.com/b/7Ap1g11h/project-three">TRELLO BOARD</a>


Information Cited:
1. <a href="https://www.nimh.nih.gov/health/publications/stress/index.shtml" target="_blank">National Institute of Mental Health</a>

Commit message:

added more to project statement

readme.md, after:

#  MINDIFY

One of the main inhibitors of individual performance is stress. While acute stress can be beneficial to task completion, chronic stress is hazardous to one's health. Long term stress can develop physical conditions such as heart disease and high blood pressure, and even mental disorders such as anxiety and depression (1).

I created Mindify to combat stress at the workplace. Mindify helps users understand what pressures they may feel or are currently experiencing in an environment, and provides a recommendation of exercises to perform. There are focus exercises which empower the mind to complete tasks, and relaxation exercises which calm the mind when faced with stress.

## MVP
There are three APIs: Environments, Focus Exercises, and Relaxation Exercises. Users can create, read, update, and delete information for all three models. Each model requires a name and description, and users can add an image for reference. With the exercises, an environment can be added, but it is not required.
From the Home Page and the Navigation Bar, users can view the indexes of all three model APIs, and redirect to an individual object's page by clicking on that specific object in the index. 



## ERD
<img src="/wireframes/ERD.png" alt="ERD for Project Three"/>

## Wireframes
### Component Layout
<img src="/wireframes/DefaultComponents.png" alt="Default Component Layout"/>
<img src="/wireframes/NavBar.png" alt="Navigation Bar"/>
<img src="/wireframes/Home.png" alt="Home Page"/>

### Environment Components
<img src="/wireframes/Environments.png" alt="Index of Environments"/>
<img src="/wireframes/SingleEnvironment.png" alt="Individual Environment Page"/>

### Focus Exercise Components
<img src="/wireframes/Focuses.png" alt="Index of Focus Exercises"/>
<img src="/wireframes/SingleFocus.png" alt="Individual Focus Exercise"/>

### Relaxation Exercise Components
<img src="/wireframes/Relaxes.png" alt="Index of Focus Exercises"/>
<img src="/wireframes/SingleRelax.png" alt="Individual Relax Exercise"/>

### About
<img src="/wireframes/About.png" alt="About Me Page"/>

<a href="https://mekaala-mindify-app.herokuapp.com">MINDIFY HEROKU APP</a>
<a href="https://trello.com/b/7Ap1g11h/project-three">TRELLO BOARD</a>


Information Cited:
1. <a href="https://www.nimh.nih.gov/health/publications/stress/index.shtml" target="_blank">National Institute of Mental Health</a>
